docs(dpg): add introduction to `RequestContext` (#28237)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/core/Azure.Core/samples/ProtocolMethods.md

## Introduction

Azure SDK clients provide an interface to Azure services by translating library calls to REST requests.

The schematized body in the request or response, known as the message body, can be exposed in the Azure SDK client one of two ways:

Most Azure SDK Clients expose methods that take ['model types'](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/dotnet_introduction.html#dotnet-model-types) as parameters, C# classes which map to the message body of the REST call. Those methods can be called here '**standard model methods**',

However, some clients expose methods that mirror the message body directly. Those methods are called here '**protocol methods**', as they provide more direct access to the REST protocol used by the client library.

### Pet's Example

To compare the two approaches, imagine a service that stores information about pets, with a GetDog and SetDog pair of operations.

Pets are represented in the message body as a JSON object:

```json
{
    "name": "Buddy",
    "id": 2,
    "color": "Brown"
}
```

An API using model types could be:

> ```csharp

Reviewer: We should move this into a code snippet if possible.

Author: The whole document is based on a client which doesn't exists. Since this PR is for adding introduction to `RequestContext`, I try to control the scope of the change. It would be better to solve this in another issue. To be honest, topics in `ProtocolMethods.md` are covered in other documents, maybe we can even delete this.

Author: I've filed https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/28315 to further track this issue.

// This is an example model class
public class Pet
{
        string Name { get; }
        int Id { get; }
        string Color { get; }
}

Response<Pet> GetDog(string dogName);
Response SetDog(Pet dog);
```

While the protocol methods version would be:

```csharp

> // Request: {

Reviewer: I'm a little unsure what we are trying to convey with these commented out JSON objects.

Author: I guess the original intention is to provide examples of request/response contents.

Reviewer 2: @JoshLove-msft, good point.  @archerzz is correct.  In DPG clients, the JSON schema for inputs and outputs is illustrated in doc comments for users to help them know what to put in RequestContent and find in Response.

See the specific service documentation for details, but as an example:

```csharp

> var data = new {

Reviewer: Let's use a code snippet if possible.

Author: Tracked in https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/28315

    name = "Buddy",
    id = 2,
    color = "Brown"
};
/*
{
    "name": "Buddy",
    "id": 2,
    "color": "Brown"
}
*/
client.SetDog(RequestContent.Create(data));
```

## 3. Handle the Response

Protocol methods all return a `Response` object that contains information returned from the service request.

The most important field on Response contains the REST content returned from the service:

```csharp

> Response response = client.GetDog(RequestContent.Create(new {

Reviewer: I assume we are using an anonymous type and relying on the default STJ serializer to serialize to JSON? Can we explain that because I don't think it is obvious from the usage alone.

Author: explanation added

        name = "Buddy"
}));
var content = response.Content;

var doc = JsonDocument.Parse(content.ToMemory());
string name = doc.RootElement.GetProperty("name").GetString();
```

> Protocol methods, just like other methods that use models, throw a `RequestFailedException` when an error code is returned. This default behavior can be changed using `RequestContext` discussed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protocol methods, just like other methods that communicate with Azure services, throw a `RequestFailedException` when an error code is returned. This default behavior can be changed using `RequestContext` discussed below.
```

## Using `RequestContext` to customize behavior

> `RequestContext` has some advanced features which allow users to customize behavior of each individual request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RequestContext` has some advanced features which allow users to customize the behavior of each individual request.
```
